OSDOCS-16941: DITA abstracts — OLM catalog/config topics (#115366)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-software-catalog-overview.adoc

[id="olm-software-catalog-overview_{context}"]
= About the software catalog

[role="_abstract"]

> The software catalog is the {product-title} web console interface for discovering and installing Operators through Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM). You can browse Red Hat, certified, community, and custom catalog categories to install and subscribe to Operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _software catalog_ is the web console interface in {product-title} that cluster administrators use to discover and install Operators. With one click, an Operator can be pulled from its off-cluster source, installed and subscribed on the cluster, and made ready for engineering teams to self-service manage the product across deployment environments using Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM).
```
